oh the seventy this morning demonstrators blocked access to the bride administration building and after that picket lines was published around ballantine involves
holds five students met with a group of administrative this morning and agreed to maintain open picket lines including the students who decide to attend classes at least access
until this meeting took place about coming off of the podium after this dave it's a coincidence at
the moderator of the second meeting professor of law
is
also seated on the stage the student body
my name is harry potter or i'm just a poor professor of law
and i hope to be able to he literally moderator for this meeting i've been on the campus of brian hall
since seven thirty in the morning and i know there are deep divisions among us quite frequently during the day and
students were asked what their plans were instance were asked what's likely to happen i heard one response that response
was it is up to the individual conscience of the end of the person there's optimism or confidence in that explanation is
appealing to me i consider the more conscious to be the most legitimate source of values and actions
because i heard that phrase because i am committed to i too want to appeal to your moral conscience i ask that
even though there are divisions among us i understand the feelings i last night i understand we are living in
a tense world i understand some of the ugliness that's occurred on campuses and in the rest of the world and i also understand that there is hope for the world but
there are occasions when certain differences must be set aside if there is any chance of agreement of understanding about building a better world we
must not lose those aspects of civilization we have dangers saw the society is set in very many ways but it is not
an incurable and we are gathered together today to make one manifestation of rationality we can learn more we can talk
we can discuss we can exchange we can build the better for we're leader use the word lather gun battles we use the word piece
we used the word people and i ask you to remember those words i ask you to convert this an occasional we can all be proud of
first then maybe a statement my cousins saw then a statement by chancellor carter then
i understand the student leaders will make statements and i hope to be able to recognize people from the floor you recognize the matter how fair i want to
be the matter how much i will want to recognize people a different views of how difficult this would be for me in a sense we must discipline ourselves in
this audience i should also announce that it's the kind of meeting that we must have a time limit
there are issues which i don't think i can be in talk over and over again i hope that in the hour allowed an hour from the first
week are you'll be able to clarify enough let us see what happens in the hour let us breathe first that we last talked last for
an hour
but i think something as a mystery right now that this meeting so that for the students that fear that forced to sit as much out of this the moderators should be a student
and have to hide from the law school the mother in laws
he wanted it student to moderate this afternoon's meeting is no discussion taking place on the stage countless hours as a record of mine i have his teacher
we had read and we got along very well and i think he i think he got a b plus pages one of which has one of the highest
grades i've ever given
i have no doubts about a commercial law when the dollar's subjects ever taught and if we could get along in that we
can go on a moderating and we will share these duties will be in constant consultation and we were
so students live in
central falls thing we will neither and he will point to find even more than it and
in washington
this is a format we're gonna follow about one announcement to make right here a short short statement from the president's sudden and cancer carter and keith michael make short statements and
they have a question and answer period now my announcement concerns what happened this morning there were eight people that were arrested outside brian
hall and they were all charged with a misdemeanor disorderly conduct itself or one who is also charged with disregarding the police said no now
i'm on has been set at fifty dollars we need four hundred dollars at least for a bind and we need more than that for defense that one blockbuster
starting on the case and he's hamlet so far professor schor horses sam waterston problems
run to fight for
so those of you who were asked a little bit earlier if you have motorcycle helmets were you either pass them around your sales or will you get into a nearby
marshals that white shirt stand that green pants and the moral force of marshall's course and while this whole thing is going on retirees money give those kids out of jail back
here with its they were arrested early anyway harry
reid says not nickels and dimes we need some money all monies could go to the state government defends fun when you say prevailing and the fences are seldom happens around here on campus located
on president suddenly we started as our
first i wished to
a statement attributed to me
and various newspapers
i am enchanted to me in various newspapers an hour and none of these newspapers or patients seem to agree among themselves this
has to do with his speech which i gave in evansville indiana now we won't give you won't think that i'm i'm
indulging our tell you what happened briefly and then tell you what i actually said and this connection i
went to evansville indiana to address an alumni group
but i foresee in the year two thousand when i arrived was just bare with me and an end even
his me when i'm finished
it's me now from i wrote
when i arrived i found that there was apprehension
and among significant number of people attending that meeting about what was going on and women question usually gets
put to me what the hell is going on
amazon dress myself
that's what the hell was going on and winning them on i'm summarizing here i had a been peaceful
bee and then the result
not only
young people
are considered to be on the left if there is such a thing but young people that across the spectrum of political opinion and
the thing
was born and they were making a mall and peaceful protests to indicate they're concerned and in many
cases their disdain for what was happening in vietnam
until then that and that they had every reason to be proud of the students and the entire
academic community of indiana university this was
it
and there was a question and answer period
of falling water that also add that i stated that it was the policy agreed upon by the administration
that the university would remain open for those students who wish to attend
that those students who did not wish to attend and who felt some moral obligation to go out and do something else we have demonstrated
all back to their hometowns and talked to the elected representative so that friends and neighbors song that we're free to do so hare
and the third
and there was this was on my worst massacre the questions that elicit the unfortunate and conflicting
quotations was the question
would you under any circumstances close the universe
and my answer to that was not that bad after i can remember all added huge bloody mayhem that the destruction
except for her but that i would certainly clothes
on my own initiative
if i fell that alliance of students five voting for citizens were in danger by any
activity or is known for it how all possibilities of grave damage to property
now that
is what i say wow i get that
i was reported in on paper how i'll remember that there were conflicting reports about what i said but that is in fact not repaid him because i don't remember
that they pervade of statement but that is what i say now let me get on to the second part of my statement as i know that you will have a lot of questions
that you wish to raise global myself a chance for carter
i feel that my obligation as the responsibility
is to provide an educational opportunity act in the classroom for those students who wish such an opportunity
that i do not feel that therefore that i can hold the university students to attend classes
and there are many thousands have paid their fees and have every right to expect that what they paid for them they will get its
their bag and what they want to do it's what the institution was originally set up to do and that's my obligation on the other hand the
pain
i do not feel that those troops move out of reasons of conscience
wish to go out and do something else or watching it is is not an affair with the rights of others to do their thing should in any way
be interfered with and so long as
they do not interfere with the rights of others to do their thing i feel is there as much the obligation of the university to protect those
who are doing something out as it is to protect those who attend class the peak
yes
i'll try to keep it you know maybe i'll try to keep my comments relatively brief because it relates to a question of attitude
relating to the deal initially the student government demands which are made of the president sometime back on may one and then taught by referendum
run by the students on this item which also went to family members
that was set of demands and i won't speak to them very briefly first a man presented was that the university repudiate president nixon's plans for southeast asia
the early immediately go on
a pipe
i
listened to be as jonathan for the win and then there's you
it's obvious what you're sentiment is
now these demands were presented to the president of the university and when to speak first is if i remember a lot is the chancellor the president of that university
made a statement and we have public university
there's a kind of repudiation i would've moved the century but i wouldn't move different than simple reason he's appointed as president to preside over the educational
policy and direction of this institution not to make statements for those others on the faculty or among the students with relation to foreign policy i as
i had been mostly all that view of the bible that is well the bible the as a corporate body concerned with scholarship and learned its options that it
has a lot of it has a large number of alternatives open for protest or demonstration that all kinds of matters
which relate to political activities but not as a corporate body
number to withstand the campus complicity in southeast asia and opened the box of the iou foundation to supply information on government contracts
the books of the icu patients on government contracts have been a win for years
it is very simple to get access to the records on government contracts of this university one they're published less which come out periodically identifying
the contract secondly it is possible to examine the contract in the office of the matter the only thing that is withheld on the state of the contract
sections of the budget which relate to the individual stories of investigators this has been the case here for years and year after year and we have every week the same message
the books on government contracts are open
number three with permission of the financial commitment to the bobby seale defense fund for the pay
individuals spike lee and others can make contributions to this defense fund it is illegal to take general fund money and make contributions of this pie i
personally don't want to go to michigan city right now
for it now with ringing increasing the percentage of black students in the university in accordance with the percentage of the black people in the state
of indiana it's bleak
but you
the point of the matter is that we have been working on increasing
vice chancellor minutes of lanai are now the referral plan to try to further increase the number of black students i think there is a mythology here
that you want to say well that's you know what i said well if you want to take people and educative and you want to increase numbers we know that we
have a smaller proportion of the number of black students now than we had in the nineteen fifties our intention is to do something about it and we've been meeting with the black school leaders and
let's let him finish your week as we we have met with the box too leaders on it and we're working constructively it
the aisle are buying it ended on male on the referendum was to close the university student gao with nine thousand plus the seven thousand plus yes i
was three quarters
of the letters why should the rights of those
who wish to go on to be turned off by the fact that the majority wrote
it's b
why weeds now
president sudden has opened the floor of our concern that those who really wished to withdraw from a crisis and do other things of
a construct teenager in relation to making their political position to know but we are concerned a protect their rights i'm quite willing to say that i
will i find the faculty council resolution passed yesterday urging the faculty to my particular attention of the us
and to take steps when they can be a provider but academic penalties are not felt by the students there is a myth in
this system which i find startling but administrators an issue orders to faculty about this they can't and they never have been able to
there are four people might speak i'd like to do one other thing i liked i'd like to read you the names of those people who were arrested
in and tell you that if any of you know anything if your witness if you were there you know those people you saw something ago the student government office and write
down on a piece paper we are where we can get in touch with you what you're doing what he read their names anything you can remember wandering the names out like to invite president such as occurred
prior to
those people arrested
area
because of uncertainty and just a quarter of refuse that goes to those people arrested were william curly old job susan young gregory hess steve emory roger
know and mike jones in john paul's our hope we can all get more moral and has supported
our next speaker as vice presidents and body my cane but
i
go giving a squirt of immigration addition to having me
i wanna talk first about president certain statement
from our listeners and figures is true of the tone of the state was a little different than what was read yesterday own bias
on some things that he did leave out that i think people should know armed and we have contacted the initial press and they have told us that it
can deny it all he wants but its eloquence his
arm this is this is from the evansville press reporter
woods testified for these notes that she took his airport here he drove the alumni that it will remain open unless
really violent causing bodily harm a possible death and grievous property damage is forces me to close it but it will be bloody mayhem before i will close and
if i close that i will close it couldn't wrap this is something that the year salaries was season things will come to a standstill and it will stay closed on good
and ready to open it i was an appointed president university to deny anybody right to education no matter how reasonable our show to strike request as you saw
i will not permit no it's not it's not always to be still upset about the statement that we
love said that the recently first person pronouns your own it have
but i think so many other things they'll mention here during his talk i will instruct of history and soccer you know calm under a headline it a president
determined keep a school open
palm
all the couples through city i used to government and certainly doesn't like he said the leader so far their students to obey rules and avoid violence i can't believe
it it may not last but it hasn't so up until now he said yeah it stays illegal like resisted government was leader calls itself a self styled like never
go to
it goes on to talk about how aug israel lot right off campus
and then there's another section it's very useful and you the people arrested today while he believes about this was also an adult cell phone picture banners to an injured
with the reporters own who is that there are about fifty students it it a campus dedicated to violent destructive acts who may be able to
raise two hundred to four hundred more for additional support the rest of fine young men and women were concerned about the war and other problems now are white out that revenues
fifty students are dedicated to violent destructive acts but they're not uniform but they do not carry four foreclosed baptist up in riot gear that that they do not
they do not have to have tracked boys learned the town as was the last week of what's the police and the violence does this campus as wordsworth come
from those police
no serious had thought that some of the some of the other times didst lead lead if it stays open will break the national strike sense that there's no way
of telling who it out of time students likely clinton is a small town and cannot accommodate many out of town people he said
no no the final episodes
that into meetings at that i've had with the president and and the eyes as you're don't say against a thought
that he would never not make a statement on foreign policy and at this time not even as an individual
because you know you know you know that his name could not be associated on the fact that he was president of indiana university and he made a statement to keep an eye out
twice an and he's been making it repeatedly
brought this is what
recorded two years ago
students have asked him to denounce the move into cambodia where certain who lived in thailand for three years as a special advisor to the government said
quote i don't even have the facts yet i'm a professional in this field and i cannot make a decision without the facts and quotes and then and then the final statement of
all the article which is not a direct quote which i learned of the record he said however that he personally favors to move himself army
would not make such a statement cia president beset the palace and they would never make such a statement so that it is not a question here of a political university oversees
politics in beijing university is a question of his son's politics first bob dixson people university
the panel
is needed dog induced a gimmicky but i released yesterday disney bought is responsibility of many other concerns did and i was
i was home preparing for class and i find out that dolphins might be arrested call i'm going to say that i was i was brought
those duties to east analyst thought of factly taking a stand out there have these bug time receiver city stan the pay
to play
all agreed that presence of infinite opportunities before mr parker makes as we live at
i didn't say a manmade known
i made no comment
on the iran as a campaign in cambodia you
were going to get to question their second
one more speaker man whose conduct is it has been exemplary in the ass we think
there's an interest in body it's been
the point
is big
i guess he's right
that has a meticulous and he is i think i might've said you know the city doesn't there's nothing now many of you have things to say the closer
you know what needs to be said in a very important also i like to speak first to our one man's man on bobby seale but we never
say that money would be taken on the gender fun you know to implement this we said that need to be made to raise money now people in an hour
no matter how beautiful they may be an idea that the power they can relate to women about recent defense work now summers why we we understood this clearly from the star we had and
i have the means to raise money matters of the statement that mike and i made yesterday and i said you know that's a good mike and i have
a policeman in the muslim lunar ryan hall when i was speaking in terms of was that i think in a citizen of germans and mike and i would have to do all these jobs on campus that
officers might as well be in the president's office in rioting hundred am house aide again if those offices were up for election
mike and i would run for those two
the purpose of people being here today
is to once
ran what was on their mind directly to those people who should have some answers and one has to understand this everyone has to understand that you do have a right to
speak out and not want to deny it is right in at the rights of those who want to attend classes are to be protected rights of those words speak out
must be protected
so i think it was mortar
ryan
all part of the people
you're listening to live coverage of the ministrations ten seconds for station identification
will will get questions from or a former quasar today of an oblique the carrion that people were no questions being accepted or
you can't get your microphone and her shop  here here we can repeat your question
as
chants
and then suddenly this was out to be a question and answer session for president suddenly and chancellor are so that we can keep you know everybody here we are you know they
were done in the middle of the
year
people die
rhetoric about respecting people's rights i wondering seriously what action has to be taken by the student government because obviously they used it to stop be able from poisoning
people which is not a battery and just an amazing people pushing for extra people and closing doors of this as a violation of rights
ms ba
power
mike yet this was like day goes out lots of people in a restaurant on strike was i was not
i would say that i was reading on friday and though i was the most uninsured run an assault around this is the news we saw all those
as much as the scabs were bought by scheduled july
i think that you know
can we give the microphone and whether i'm sure she wants more
demanding that he'd ministration chances are demanding that the administration i'd like that
the pope
as we clearly set the guidelines the picket lines in to find out because you have individual strains on every picket we made it clear made it clear they
would not be defined by a circus now we call for particular people is that of a blue stocking up close those lines it is their own choice as lawyers say
the poem
chancellor cantor was
a diamond all agree with you and i hope at
least know that the truth of the matter as i do not see how in the name of acts against repression
you repressed people that changed
at
all
can somebody personally
thank you
no this is wrong you want to rephrase your question
is
the question has been answered
i follow him
we can
it's b
just so you think i'm doubling the issue
is at the last council meeting this that this policy is decided damage by campus and we have said
the last opponent that was being the bloomington faculty council
election and made a recommendation to the faculty at last
an hour now i do not oppose this recommendation
and as a matter of fact it's quite in accordance
with academic tradition as i have known now tesla car or give you details if you blew it you
got it that was passed was a resolution which essentially urged that faculty they serious attention to finding
means by which students with knots i've been delighted to make penalties for participation in political protests or going back home and saw what the top
people the options on this are not spelled out in the faculty council resolution because the various divisions of the burlington campus at
different kinds of new patents on parts of the us that part of arts and sciences policy committee as i understand it already made some suggestions and
acting at this the law school faculty was prepared to meet on this today i think the business school faculty is about to meet in their various alternatives
but i think you make a different things developed in different places obviously the incomplete is one with the deferred examination that might be a possibility it's easy to do for an instructor
they are relationships maybe
there are various options
that it is up to the individual faculty member to accept the recommendations which come to it because riding actresses around we're always stayed with the individual faculty
member and chuck turner was like right i have served at least three questions about bass and the first one has to do
with non violent spring for a great deal about nine months on this campus and i'd like to know who is responsible for calling police on this campus it's b
we have had for mayor booker that someone in the administration but please
call the police on this campus
i am ultimately responsible
because i'm president in the end
can we let me i'm saying to me oh because great sentiment on campus that lets responsibility
for what was true was that beleaguered a hat into the president released it's well known that the presence of uniform officers tend to incite situations
like that your joints that
four justices view of your manager
i don't want to give you people are going about their appointed tests and do not allow them
to do this and after i patiently waited for several hours and don't think this
entire genome
and you are
those were requested to vacate the doorways and we're an untold informed that they could open
it
to protect the lions were probably
yours and mine
my second question has to do with all otc more than a year ago the arts and science there was a committee of the division wasn't sciences which was composed of five pistons as
i understand which turned report in which favored the position that no they should be given for otc work at that time
mr university council committee was appointed as i understand at that time where you're going out and looking at our university got committee was appointed
and i have read that that committee has been in a report you find that you have access to the fines the committee
i'm a
bad report on the faculty council for instance immigration recommendations like deo recommendation was a i don't remember the details
but what you wanna know i didn't read them and the abolition of obviously you're not an answer is they did not what happened
at one point because the arts and science reporter ago did not say no pettitte dc one even
has to make a recommendation to the faculty of the college of arts and sciences that was going on at sea should not be out within that portion
of the students total program that must be taken within the college of arts and sciences at best placed it in the same category as some of the other courses and professional
schools it can be taken within the
system we did not propose any immediate and private
about obesity
which were to be phased over a character that was set to end our university committee because
within the college but do all other students within that those divisions one last quick question are really smart and i don't know if all the books
open to public an inkling sources and uses of funds
and if not one of
us and says there is a
there's a public accounting of all university use of funds made to the state of indiana and
those documents
the foundation is going bio from outside the institution and the report of an honor is available in
the foundational is a crook
it has a visitor's visa
these are not ordinary times has not been an ordinary week and i don't think an ordinary responses from the administration nor appropriate
oh
i hope
i i think that the situation which indiana university finds itself in today the man's an extraordinary is cry
i may turn some of you off when i was a very clearly that i do not support those picket lines but if those lines were not close this morning we would not
be here today ta it's been
the pacific
now i don't know how many are at the daily spin this morning but i had a long essay and which was which was titled at the top i don't shut down the university if any of you any
of you read further than the title you would say that the important part of that recommendation of that essay was the recommendation not the title
my recommendation was basically the yale plan which i'll explain in just a second it was given to chester crocker forceful copy yesterday and the dean rt
rybak up yesterday and all of you read the speech this morning at an opportunity to see it i do not believe because of my deep ingrained civil libertarian principles
that we live in the south for many years i do not believe an unbridled majority rule i do believe in preservation rights of the minority and
therefore i don't think the universities should be closed down for everyone the pope
it should continue in existence business as usual for those who wanted that way of hope when leavening but just
saying as the administration has made a mess and so for that the recovery will attempt to protect the rights of those who don't agree is not going up
i understand completely that the inability to receive restoration cannot order the faculty to do anything and i wouldn't have it any other way that i think they can clearly
make their feelings known that they agree with the recommendations to each individual school
to each individual school to handle any way they see fit to allow those of us a lot about the community one in washington who won't speak right lobby
in our own way or to do more constructive things during the next three weeks and take exams to do so and it should be a clear recommendation from
all the president and the chancellor that they're that classes will be waived exams will be waived and credit will be given automatically
it's by
the pain
i did not believe in the productivity of interfering with the rights of those who sometimes for very sound pragmatic reasons are here at great personal expands into
themselves or to others i think they should be able to continue to go to class and continue to take exams and but i think that the university has an obligation
taken within the broadest possible context of what's been going on the country in the last ten days to see this step as an extraordinary step perhaps for this state
and this administration but as a very minor step taken when we consider the alternative
and i think we have an obligation to say yes well i would not ordinarily do so these are extraordinary times and i recommend to be in any other school leaders that they do
that they do exactly this
it's been
i have the highest regard for this man from oregon with him and he spent two years in the air force resigns commission last year because it was ethically unjustifiable
and is president of the student out of the lot and he's a memory of me of the voters he's
got a chance for carter to mr boyle
well in my judgment
that i personally favored the recommendation made by the faculty council yesterday which went straight in the direction which has indicated i think whoa this was part of i'm sorry
the students were as
i was maintaining his department and tom ford taurus and shelley taylor and evan bauman i just came from the gao the
eight people were arrested on paper
they have been arraigned
fifty dollars apartment released on fifty dollars bail piece for dollars the bail money was raised by the
faculty
ms ba
ph
but there's one very important point about this and that's only because of a crowded conditions that time for us isn't talking to the written or march down here tom
is very concerned that represents the eighth june support from now on and thomas very much concerned that you all know
georgia made a particular effort
well
it could have been five hundred dollars apiece was the idea that there is going to be some precipitation to
this from our car that in other words the implication was quite clear that if they was going to be boston tonight it's
not going to be fifty dollars it's going to fall upon the peace
that
and i can say is i don't think we can raise five hundred thousand piece for numbers so i hope you'll
keep this in mind
we've got the money that stage and we would collect four hundred and thirty six thousand a decent ha
says those rows of the bailout i think it would be beneficial for us to put this into a permanent fun because of this that i'd given my mind it is going to be used again mr
mike milano announcement about the teach in the night seven pm right here in an auditorium and amazed because of the law professor stan ms
lecompte came in vietnam professor at which german on american citizen in jenny's work with as a julius getman vietnam and political dissent
professor jurisprudence domestic minutes of it now
and keys back a black man to the president
and in the records as an unknown to him afterwards out i promise that john last verse much that he would be recognized later and i do so now
right
you
know
these
guys love the speed of
the peak
there's been leaked
fbi
is bleak
please
please please please please
the fbi we just know that at least the issue of the rights of gaza want to go to class of and raised by several speakers
have been responded to i don't think that particular statement will these more comments will not recognize other question gentlemen like they're
willing
to pay
people feel at
because i know they feel
it is the answer
because i know they feel anything
that if your listeners to be do i respect people's feelings and thereby
the point
is this oh bobby keeps coming back about the vote and what the referendum and i still don't think the question was really answered a moment ago when he
said there would be recommendations about students who had voted two percent voted to strike he's severely recommendations made
and the same time was a statement by the law professors at these are extraordinary times in view of the fact that they are and you can guarantee people's rights
to go to class why cannot guarantee the rights of those people who wished to decide fb
to pay
now this is really alarming
mario says he's willing to talk to but on friday after this as directly as i can answer because i was their accounts of discussion it was not because it's
a bloomington faculty council and i'm presiding he's not a member
i may i answer that question i think basically what i'm driving across the board is the administration is not authorized to make these decisions
but so what happened was the council recommended this kind of thing to get the faculty as a whole what is happening is that in division
after division of cause i get reports they are taking about as i said i think the arts arts and sciences college already has as private deal
with this fluid selected policy committee and the law school is meeting i know the business goes by enemy but i can't reach an
and tell them what they must do i can do what i say and express a sentiment of sympathy for the position but i
think he's great but i'd like to also has a connection with that is this a democratic institution
and if it is so how close to it
interest or institution and do you reconcile robert eggers with democratic ideals and principles or are they separate
there was a violent recommend referendum they can hear a majority of the students know that that's that's democratic i always thought was
it
and this is a very difficult and profound question that's raised democracy is not so simple that it's
the mentions are self evident the question about a majority vote is a question of what belongs on the agenda you want by majority vote to strip the people their constitutional
rights the whole point of a democracy is it has limits the whole point of a democracy's our constitutional protections for certain minorities i as a host educated
people as people are attempting to understand our society we must begin to understand what you mean by democracy in a more complicated way and all questions unresolved
so there are issues as to what items can be put on the agenda the answers along the lines of every question is being away
are trying to walk a path we are trying to develop programs that to protect the rights of the students who are the center of the rights of the students who are feeling cable taking
exams i just came from a law school meeting where we have special constraints on how much we can relieve our students but we are struggling with this problem i know that i'd societies
we can at least agree but we cannot take action when the campus is a seriously split in the student go miami a majority vote principle
we can adjust matters in terms of grades and credits has been suggested that would do just as the ball that's the point of this meeting we have made an
out of an impact on how many votes comedy the students feel strongly that this university cannot merely continue we have shown we have done things and we can
do it without creating better interests in basel perhaps know we'll add on these issues at their their rights to be compromised
by the majority was the bread of heaven actually like as you know as a moderator you know why you're on an artist
with a minor reasons that you point out the arrest was the eleven are not accounted for half and then i have one more question yes my soul isn't
your rights are as innocent is asking for the police to go who was the person they got the police who was this person a second about
why we said that the honesty without various members of this a police force behind his eye test how
are you
wednesday night
and i just the minute i do i was carried away i apologize i did it in the best interests of trying to reach an understanding
to compensate provided now by last by moderator view on sequel
that question was answered me once before now davis and i know i know the nsa about
this however reason it seems to me as donna meets some kind of hostility response on the part of a few automatic
me safety division an indiana university is trying
but we don't have the answers are
trained and an instructed
to protect
the lions are
but let's let the men finished release i mean you know like what is this limited oh that's right and i i i know in advance of money have another life i say but
they are trained and advised and instruct you to be as sensitive and this terrible
and the protection of their lives as they can be
are you
the report is being implemented as rapidly as it can be implemented
the policy
you one of the airline is lee i do not at this time when the recommended the guns being removed all the pines
you ask me that
and i guess given that pertain to say about any of this university i'm sure president said his innocence
he was there for three years of disunity this university does in the thailand plunging and i like to give you facts out about that thailand has not had a free election
in twenty years this university has spent three million dollars to simply going to thailand today the prayer over in thailand
asked as a question of rhapsody is concerned if you check out the
military leaders of this country they say the united states government could not with a cat in overseas that's when as a pc
program seventy percent of apple's says in the united states army in vietnam that you see graduates now i do prepare wrapped up
in a civil liberties thing about nbc right out but i think it's the side of the vietnamese prepare people happy
and
then i
like
duke
responded to do ask that question about thailand on our way to an answer the question the contract between university
and thailand during the period that i was there and subsequent turned this country is available and you may be
postponed as there was to fall one school education was developing a college of education to train teachers
for the children of thailand throughout the country and an openness to comment didn't see and the time while
others that they get educated at a
knights propaganda
as what we were doing and you
if you want an answer our complete the answer and then again and do your own thing the other the other part
the other part of the contract was to train administrator to go out into the country side of that thailand
much much as almost all or almost all of rem and provide better service to and these are all civilians better
service to the peasants and the people of thailand itself
i recognize that sounded like i don't i mean i don't know i think i'm casey answer because i want to tell you i know about it as babies i care
what it i mean it was a question a serious one and that my driveway indiana university is an episode in a consortium with
the university of wisconsin at michigan state university
university of minnesota
indiana is still victims groups
in a memo
but they are being financed
to help these were all professors of economics statistics that sector and agricultural economics and so forth
this contract is finance by the ford foundation for the purposes of developing something known as the national institute of development ministration be
the purpose of that is described by the name
then began a government when i was then that had more schoolteachers an enhanced soldiers
and hip
quietly has been
you know you know
you know
and imprisonment is as the reason is that
when i would maybe say that i stood a gunman and i didn't know you
know i was not afraid
i was afraid of aaron paul conlan market or if you're just
one of them a
badge and he i thought we were trying to get questions answered and an engine that was i made a mistake that's all i'm foul ball and i confess fb
i
asked him through translator i believe that this question can also be answered yes or no and festive now it's my understanding
that also besides being canceled joint faculty members that correct
so that's all about ten years and
then which is banned under the understanding that you know spending as a cabinet member this institution and that is its chancellor to a question
ms allen i believe you understand
i i
am a message is and i think it can be answered yes you know as a family member of this institution with the understanding that you are not responding is chancellor but as a faculty
member when you embarrass the year when
we're going to get cancer or
a half hour right behind yeah
yeah
this race is getting a little pest could i have your attention for just a minute late it every piece is a little bit tense and my greek waters won a lot so that there's a minimum for target momentum
on the ball
now let's cook throw and the bullshit around and could you know run around the wooden porch because you know there's an issue i see and this issue comes up and from this
issue will come out a little issues you say you know is people get pissed about these little things what to watch cbs you know when you see these construction guys that know uptight and some go up their stands
up and just it looked like this just get pushed around a big issue is trapped into cambodia because it was right now that is
not the fact that he is the as you is nuts you that is that the best to make people into bad as that people up in the fact that
added that the reason that solution that not left about what is you know a lot those people now it was a sudden you represent this university
i you said ok it's nine thousand people in this university and appears to not to show up to the polls and those included twelve thousand
forty percent of the people in other states the president made clear at
right now you're responsible not just nine thousand people and a pistol not to say we want something done and it's a lot of people it appears that also they say you know oh look at that
compliment i get this question right now
i mean the figures the right a
way
this is from a few people accuse the back
ida shelly in a picket line please sir i want your hair and now i want mr sutton so and i want your help what are you going to do with us
there's nine thousand people if not more what will you do know we're talking about our lives and is there the political had to wait on at the cambodian what would you
do that
at
at at he's been
in the past
moore the president of his universe you're not you're a person and this thing about the night that doesn't enable need to feel inside that is
a lot of ocean
this is when you recognize people as people would get the chance to respond to major point you you know you've made your path at
life as a human being is this and again when i'm on one again and
i'll tell you exactly my individual history of feeling toward the war
in nineteen fifty eight when i returned from thailand i was greatly concerned with what i had seen as an
an almost unconscious policy commitment to military buildup in southeast asia that was going to lead to major ground war i
made those statements in public an implant and i made those that observation to as many people as
i could contact as an assistant professor without tenure at this institution
however
that no adequate explanation
explaining to the american people at that this is in the offing and being as precise purposes whatever may nor
has it been made in my judgment
now that is not to say i don't know going to finish my father
please
why that's about the size of eight years
now
and i admire the o's in nineteen seventy had not changed one of but one of the things i have on
one other things that bugs may be on an online feel as if there is an assumption on the part of a great many people in this country than
asia and africa and the near east is a matter of no welcomes they consummate concern themselves
primarily with european policy
it is a mandate is an edible in my judgment that if we do not build meaningful and peaceful relations between
the peoples of asia and ever go oh i thought that's funny bill peaceful relations nobody's going asians with a stable
that we will eventually be destroyed my own problems is
reagan is it
ladies and gentlemen i gradually started i said we would run for an hour
just a minute we've already run for an hour and twenty minutes we'll run till five thirty and i want to recognize the balcony the german right oversight
and i'm sorry i couldn't see you before yes
if islam me if it either put the question why clemson allows people going two weeks before the campaign to help the campaign
for their congressman is that not right
can i had i would have no objection that was it was all over
in a given event the recommended end and a family who control the curriculum and the courses then i wouldn't know shake your head because that's the essence of the university
but i would have no objections or an unknown oh that's that's my head as a member of the faculty council i think there's a
very good chance that this issue i've discussed this issue with other people i think there is a great deal of support this is not this is more important than the immediate issue
if we're going to end franchise the students ever going to reduce the voting age eighty if we're going to recognize that they're away from their communities and cannot legitimately
participate this is the best thing that's come along in education since going to harvest the crops the pope
like to tell you that yesterday at the faculty action committee i made a proposal which may help to answer the question that was raised was impressed me on the presence of the arm
the proposal i made was to suggest to the political science department that they want for a chorus which
would make it possible for students say to come hear the details have to be worked out to come here for two was three weeks for very intensive session at the beginning of the term to
study the campaigning practices at cetera et cetera and for the students to be able to go out into the field for six weeks until election
day of practical experience campaigning in their home communities or here in monroe county work for a candidate their choice and to
get political science credit for this and then to continue their education the second half of the term
we're going to have a response to a question to your wife
i don't have any objection to the whole planet
it used to be that vague political science department the known as government made arrangements of the kind that are being proposed here
i can remember in the campaigns of nineteen fifty two and nineteen fifty six that was available i do on that one little thing about that stunned because i think
that our body is no getting excited and pleased with them i think what manson is done is to take two ok reading weeks and move them up in france and
is not changing its price contact hours the opera will be before the next question we past the motorcycle helmets are people to ride
around the city without a mocha boston
the penguins
the answer is they can
from mining that they don't in a veil of those tunes are one of the
pa i'm a question of the john wayne
as i said maybe ten years we're going to have somebody animates the money because these days ago there was maybe to make some money in an opening when his sub is now
about jobs than right i want to say and if you could come down there sit in here in a second he says reading books about ten eleven fourteen forty eight and the band in nineteen seventy
and it isn't about it and i didn't listen to
me
and i recognize there is the gentleman in the wings
it
was june for construction of his university of the people in the audience have been directing moral questions to the speakers have been getting practical rational
legal lipstick and government distinct type answers back man here as the most obvious question what are these people going to do
to help us the nine thousand of us that voted to strike and i like that answer to go
is anyone accused answer that i don't really want more wheat and say we will protect your identity same way will protect your right to strike we
have said that we are sympathetic to the idea of trying to work out no academic family i think what we're doing is we're going over the same day
do you can now professors are getting are great because they intimidate us in class
because they disagreed with the professor you know
because i don't already there and i don't want violence but what i didn't know is how has the authority to say that the professors that won't let us take it past they all want it
was a critic not a jewish area for what we believe in they just disagree with this
we want to know
like
really interesting though there's a new novel like it is nobody knows the
keys
professors i think that's because of it and then leaves you can begin to show proof of prejudice against you by instructors yes you can find mechanisms
usually usually you can start through departmental chairman or teens who are not teens identity and slays
i will
say i have one more question people are standing up they're complaining they hadn't been recognized that yes
the peak
i'm
doing all
right
only an academic officer
did i visit generated find it mean they've got an academic vice president or chancellor
nailed it
only i use a delusion is not authorized
and some money authorized
yes
somebody's realize that i did it
a lady and they're in this thing whatever it is though someone downtown in the courtroom now being iranian court for
work a child so excessive now is that a lot of people were done with the va system pay well we were writing this
and i was in the backseat speaking in that engagement was driving and we were stopped by a nest and thirsty least i have to say
just to try and when alice goes well then answers to a question as to what was there they just ignored as attentive listeners to try to find
anything that good is that the announcement of his rally tonight i want to know it and now they've arrested
why
make them wait
why why why the words inspired by those three policemen died obviously and you were with a campus police riot while i went well
it is that
i know nothing about it i did not audition
ladies and gentlemen we have exceeded even the increased line that night
thank you
i hope that we have allowed a day
they may have a
new
and so at this afternoon's programme rather shattering conclusion that might have been caught on stage and students
are still attempting to speak to the crowd assembled this four thousand plus crowd was reportedly another few thousand outside the
beginning facilities were made available so that those of you a television report of this in other parts of the campus speaking